MyTribe App
MyTribe is a social media application designed to connect people from the same country living abroad. Built with a Flutter frontend and a Flask backend, MyTribe aims to foster community among expatriates by providing a platform to share experiences, events, and support.

Features
User Profiles: Create and customize personal profiles to share information about yourself.
Community Posts: Share updates, stories, and photos with the community.
Events: Organize and discover events happening within your expatriate community.
Messaging: Communicate directly with other users through private messages.
Notifications: Stay informed about community activities and interactions.
Technologies Used
Frontend: Flutter (Dart)
Backend: Flask (Python)
Database: SQLite (for development)
APIs: Integration with third-party services for authentication and data handling.
Getting Started
Prerequisites
Flutter SDK
Python 3.x
pip
Installation
Clone the repository:


git clone https://github.com/denboba/Hackitall2024.git
cd Hackitall2024

Backend Setup:
Navigate to the backend directory:

cd backend
Create a virtual environment:

python -m venv env
Activate the virtual environment:

On Windows:
Edit
.\env\Scripts\activate
On macOS/Linux:

source env/bin/activate
Install the required packages:

Edit
pip install -r requirements.txt
Initialize the database:

flask db init
flask db migrate -m "Initial migration."
flask db upgrade
Run the Flask application:

flask run
Frontend Setup:

Navigate to the frontend directory:

cd ../frontend
Get the Flutter dependencies:

flutter pub get
Run the Flutter application:


flutter run
Contributing
We welcome contributions to enhance MyTribe. To contribute:

Fork the repository.

Create a new branch:

git checkout -b feature/YourFeatureName
Commit your changes:


git commit -m "Add your feature."
Push to the branch:

git push origin feature/YourFeatureName
Open a Pull Request.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.



